Welcome to the Webinar.
In this webinar, I'd be showing how to control a device
  through Alexa where that device can be anywhere
       across the globe but that device has to be connected
                 with internet.

Alexa is a voice assistant which works like Google Assistant
 or something like siri or something like Cortanta

AI Agents which gets communicated over the little conversation between the user and device.

Alexa will be taking the voice request from the user
 and process the request (understanding the request) what
   user is talking about and then it pushes request to a cloud and then from cloud device will keep downloading the data
      and the device will be operated.

User (voice) -> Alexa -> Processing the Voice Command -> Cloud -> Wi-Fi Chip -> Relay -> Bulb

Pre-Requsities:

1. NodeMCU (Wi-Fi Chip) - Wi-Fi Connectivity + Controller (CPU) + I/O Units  - Amazon/ Flipkart - Rs. 300/- to Rs. 350/-
2. Alexa Assistant - Alexa Echo Dot - Rs. 4000/- to Rs. 5000/- 
3. Relay - Electro Magnetic Switch - Rs. 90/- to Rs. 120/- 
4. Bulb - Bed Lamp - Rs. 100/- 
5. Connecting Wires are Required

1. AWS Account - 1 Year Free Tier - Individual Account - (aws.amazon.com)
2. Amazon Developer Account - Alexa Skill will be created - (developer.amazon.com)
3. Arduino Software - NodeMCU - (www.arduino.cc)
4. Madblocks IoT Cloud - dashboard.madblocks.tech 

If you are not interested to purchase Alexa Assistant, then you can go ahead with Alexa Simulator.

What is the role of Amazon Developer Account in the task, the Alexa can't interpret the voice commands directly without invoking
         any skill which is trained on it.


Alexa, Book a Movie Ticket. - Default Skill - Search in Google - There is invocation
Open BookMyShow, Alexa, Can you book a ticket for Sarileru Nikevaru? - Invoking the Application

This is default
Alexa, turn on the lamp - Search in Google..

This will be for a skill which is trained on Alexa
Alexa, Open madblocks IoT Skill - Inovking the skill
Alexa, turn on the lamp - Voice Command

Lets jump into Amazon Developer Account (developer.amazon.com)

Alexa Skills Kit (ASK) is a software routine which gives you an interface for the developers to 
            create new skills on Alexa.

Invocation -> Activating the Skill

Intent - Bulb On

User1 -> Please turn on the Bulb - Utterances 
User2 -> Bulb on
User3 -> Can you make Bulb On
User4 -> Put on the bulb

Intent - Bulb Off

You should switch to back end
aws.amazon.com  - Lambda Function is one service which it is connected with Amazon Alexa
